c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\WcfSample.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\WcfSample.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\WcfSample.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\obj\Debug\WcfSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\obj\Debug\WcfSample.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfSample\WcfSample\obj\Debug\WcfSample.pdb
